Added text to draft word doc
Roles
Several roles are required for the GardenMates project. These are as follows:
1.	Chief Technology Officer / Product manager (position filled by team member Jeremy) – The role of this person is the know the total scope of the project from start to finish, inside and out. This person will oversee every aspect of the project and ensure that each component has been achieved to expectations. Most likely, the PM will be one of the team members and the individual for this position may change as the project evolves and if it takes different directions.
2.	Developer – This position would be best suited to a software engineer. The primary responsibility for this position is to create the code, test the code on various devices and find any bugs.
3.	Solution Architect (position filled by team member Brian) – to work closely with the product manager/ Chief Technology Officer, developer and designer to ensure the app functions as expected and to steer the design to have maximum business earning potential.
4.	Designer – This person would be working closely with the Developer to ensure the interface of the app is easy to navigate and aesthetically pleasing and conforming with branding. The designer would also need to develop a logo and company colours/branding.
5.	Machine Learning Engineer (position filled by team member Daria)– to develop the initial AI database that would be used in our app for diagnostics and advice received from the plant/soil data and user interface data when users are typing questions or uploading a photo of a sick plant.
6.	Sales and Marketing and Customer Service – All team members would initially fill this position for our particular project, but down the track, as development goes farther, we would need a tech-savvy team with excellent communication skill to take the position full time looking after customers, reporting bugs to the team, moderating forums, organising advertising and promoting upgrades with offers and subscriptions. 
7.	Principal Data Insights Analyst (position filled by team member Shane) – to be continually monitoring that the application is functioning in a profitable way. To identify cost saving and other potential earnings. This person would also pinpoint where the project has room for expansion and establish the applications strong and weak elements. 
