GROUP REFLECTION
At the end of the assignment, all G6 Internet Explorer team members met via web conference and discussed and agreed upon the following points collectively.
 What went well 
Overall everyone in the group agrees that communications went very well. All team members acknowledged the fact that each other lived in different time zones, but cooperatively we were all able to come together on a regular basis to collaborate. G6 Internet Explorer members all quote that they enjoyed working with each other and recognised that 
 What could be improved
That although The G6 Internet Explorers came together by chance, the process of finding and joining a team was not very clear. There were some issues at the beginning of setting up the GitHub platform using our RMIT logins. We therefor feel if that process was improved, we could of commenced much earlier.
 At least one thing that was surprising
What surprised us all the most was the fact that all the members of our team was composed of total strangers and we manage to work together effectively. Our web conferencing sessions were genuinely useful and flowed smoothly, allowing opportunities for each member to contribute. We were surprised that everyone had the same expectations and made a genuine effort for the assignment.
 At least one thing that you have learned about groups
Everyone in G6 Internet Explorers commonly agrees that we have learnt that working within a team, composed of complete strangers, is not as intimidating as we first expected. 
Upon discussing each other’s reflections, that for teams to be effective, the correct tools are essential. If it was not for our group texting platform (Ms Teams) and the web conferencing platform (Zoom), there would have been significant breakdowns in our communications and difficulty in expressing our individual opinions. 
All of us agree that we can take from this experience that we have developed new skillsets, mainly communication, that are not only essential for working within the IT industry, but also for any business or study environment.
We all learnt that even with our limited experience using GitHub, that the science and method of  the application in regards to version tracking and the ability for a team to work on the same project, no matter their location, would be beneficial if not essential for the IT industry.


